Updated the link to the latest blogpost (#2474)
dotnet/winforms: Documentation/designer-releases/readme.md

# Windows Forms Designer Release Notes

> The .NET Core Windows Forms visual designer is in Preview and available with the [Preview version of Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/preview/). Once you install the Visual Studio Preview, enable the WinForms .NET Core Designer in **Tools -> Options -> Environment -> Preview Features** check **Use the preview Windows Forms designer for .NET Core apps**.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if word preview should be capitalized in this phrase - `designer is in Preview`. It is not used as a channel name, but rather as the state of the release.

> The .NET Core Windows Forms visual designer is in Preview and available with the [Preview version of Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/preview/). Once you install the Visual Studio Preview, enable the WinForms .NET Core Designer in **Tools -> Options -> Environment -> Preview Features** check **Use the preview Windows Forms designer for .NET Core apps**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The .NET Core Windows Forms visual designer is now available in [Visual Studio 16.5 Preview1 or later](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/preview/). You can enable the WinForms .NET Core designer in **Tools -> Options -> Environment -> Preview Features** with **Use the preview Windows Forms designer for .NET Core apps**.
```

> Releases of .NET Core Windows Forms Designer are tied to Visual Studio Preview releases, so update to the latest Visual Studio version to get the latest designer features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Releases of .NET Core Windows Forms Designer are tied to Visual Studio Preview releases, so update to the latest Visual Studio Preview version to get the latest designer features.
```
